README.md, before:

# Veracode Resource

A concourse resource able to publish artifacts to veracode for scanning and fetch/retrieve scan results


Note: Multiple scan requests in quick succession will cause failures

## Source Configuration

* `api_id`: *Required.* The Veracode API ID you wish to publish to

* `api_key`: *Required.* The Veracode API Key required to publish to the `api_id`

* `app_name`: *Required.* The application name to be fetched from or published to. This application should belong to an existing application in Veracode.

### Usage:

## Behavior

### `check`:
Checks for the latest veracode builds

### `in`: Do
Downloads the detailed-report.xml for the given veracode build id 


### `out`: Publish artifact to Veracode

The logic for this is based on a self-contained script using the [veracode api wrapper jar](https://help.veracode.com/reader/y_H3nFK8RERrYT6OgB6zvQ/OYHJSYTMlU8j9iC8JfiDjg), everything else lives in the spring boot app.

A successful publish will have a version based off of concourse build variables in the format:
```sh
${BUILD_PIPELINE_NAME}_${BUILD_JOB_NAME}_${BUILD_NAME}
```

#### Parameters

* `path`: *Optional.* Path to directory containing files to be published to Veracode for scanning.

### `slack`: Non standard but see slack-alert example below
This will take the of the detailed-report.xml and craft a slack message to be sent to the webhook url of your liking. 


## Example pipeline configuration 
Using maven to download the artifact from your artifact repo, push it to veracode and then
obtain the scan results and push those details to slack. 

```yaml
registry_credentials: &registry_credentials
  username: ((github.username))
  password: ((github.token)) # must have read:packages permissions

resources:
- name: your-project-here-artifact
  type: maven-resource
  source:
    artifact: maven-group-id:your-project-here:jar
    url: <your artifact repository>
- name: veracode
  type: veracode
  source:
    api_id: ((veracode-api-id))
    api_key: ((veracode-api-key))
    app_name: your-project-here
resource_types:
- name: veracode
  type: docker-image
  source:
    repository: github.pkg/cardinal-health/veracode-resource
    <<: *registry_credentials
- name: maven-resource
  type: docker-image
  source:
    repository: pivotalpa/maven-resource
jobs:
- name: veracode-publish
  plan:
    - get: artifact
      trigger: true
      resource: your-project-here-artifact
    - put: artifact
      resource: veracode
- name: veracode-slack-alert
  plan:
    - get: veracode-report
      trigger: true
      resource: veracode
    - task: slack-alert
      config:
        platform: linux
        image_resource:
          type: docker-image
          source:
            repository: github.pkg/cardinal-health/veracode-resource
            <<: *registry_credentials
        inputs:
          - name: veracode-report
        params:
          SLACK_CHANNEL: '#slack-integration'
          SLACK_TOKEN: ((slack-webhook-token))
        run:
          path: /opt/resource/slack
          args: [summary-report.xml]
          dir: veracode-report
```

[sample-pipeine.yml](sample-pipeline.yml) includes a more in-depth example that pushes artifacts to veracode and fetches scan results

## Contribution

Contribution through pull requests is recommended. Once approved, you may run the command `./gradlew pushDocker` to update the Docker image, updating the resource for all pipelines utilizing the `latest` Docker tag for the Veracode resource.

Commit message:

Add slack output in README

README.md, after:

# Veracode Resource

A concourse resource able to publish artifacts to veracode for scanning and fetch/retrieve scan results


Note: Multiple scan requests in quick succession will cause failures

## Source Configuration

* `api_id`: *Required.* The Veracode API ID you wish to publish to

* `api_key`: *Required.* The Veracode API Key required to publish to the `api_id`

* `app_name`: *Required.* The application name to be fetched from or published to. This application should belong to an existing application in Veracode.

### Usage:

## Behavior

### `check`:
Checks for the latest veracode builds

### `in`: Do
Downloads the detailed-report.xml for the given veracode build id 


### `out`: Publish artifact to Veracode

The logic for this is based on a self-contained script using the [veracode api wrapper jar](https://help.veracode.com/reader/y_H3nFK8RERrYT6OgB6zvQ/OYHJSYTMlU8j9iC8JfiDjg), everything else lives in the spring boot app.

A successful publish will have a version based off of concourse build variables in the format:
```sh
${BUILD_PIPELINE_NAME}_${BUILD_JOB_NAME}_${BUILD_NAME}
```

#### Parameters

* `path`: *Optional.* Path to directory containing files to be published to Veracode for scanning.

### `slack`: Non standard but see slack-alert example below
This will take the of the detailed-report.xml and craft a slack message to be sent to the webhook url of your liking. 

Slack message will look contain details of the artifact that was scanned, which veracode scan the results are from and the corresponding number of Static and SCA results.  
```
Scan of your-app-2.278.0.jar complete
application: your-app
veracode scan: veracode_your-app-publish_247
Static Results:
sev5 (Very High) flaws: 0
sev4 (High) flaws: 0
sev3 (Medium) flaws: 0

SCA Results:
sev5 (Very High) flaws: 0
sev4 (High) flaws: 1
sev3 (Medium) flaws: 1
```

## Example pipeline configuration 
Using maven to download the artifact from your artifact repo, push it to veracode and then
obtain the scan results and push those details to slack. 

```yaml
registry_credentials: &registry_credentials
  username: ((github.username))
  password: ((github.token)) # must have read:packages permissions

resources:
- name: your-project-here-artifact
  type: maven-resource
  source:
    artifact: maven-group-id:your-project-here:jar
    url: <your artifact repository>
- name: veracode
  type: veracode
  source:
    api_id: ((veracode-api-id))
    api_key: ((veracode-api-key))
    app_name: your-project-here
resource_types:
- name: veracode
  type: docker-image
  source:
    repository: github.pkg/cardinal-health/veracode-resource
    <<: *registry_credentials
- name: maven-resource
  type: docker-image
  source:
    repository: pivotalpa/maven-resource
jobs:
- name: veracode-publish
  plan:
    - get: artifact
      trigger: true
      resource: your-project-here-artifact
    - put: artifact
      resource: veracode
- name: veracode-slack-alert
  plan:
    - get: veracode-report
      trigger: true
      resource: veracode
    - task: slack-alert
      config:
        platform: linux
        image_resource:
          type: docker-image
          source:
            repository: github.pkg/cardinal-health/veracode-resource
            <<: *registry_credentials
        inputs:
          - name: veracode-report
        params:
          SLACK_CHANNEL: '#slack-integration'
          SLACK_TOKEN: ((slack-webhook-token))
        run:
          path: /opt/resource/slack
          args: [summary-report.xml]
          dir: veracode-report
```

[sample-pipeine.yml](sample-pipeline.yml) includes a more in-depth example that pushes artifacts to veracode and fetches scan results

## Contribution

Contribution through pull requests is recommended. Once approved, you may run the command `./gradlew pushDocker` to update the Docker image, updating the resource for all pipelines utilizing the `latest` Docker tag for the Veracode resource.
